The asset comes now a show and
liberals
Come on, let's get it here in the chat.
the alexandre
alê and anderson with the bike session
that the rock'n'roll government are not
radical maneuvers for bicycles
I was there
I'm the presenter of the show of Diana and
is also part of the team bike session
boogeyman very well here we see of
toledo paraná city that you know
Very well, you will know the side of the colony.
it is true to present there the greatest
brazil bike show with you
it will be show
the first maneuver paid the old law
mouth of whoever goes
will have to be designated July when
bike to Toledo to leave
and for those who liked the bike crankshaft more
once the father wants to read
O ai grandfather
and the boatman should arrive there with much
I spin on the bike bike 7 a point with a point
bm
the face is dust
went there well
are 11 years will mouse closure
The market was from Brazil.
This is the juggling mouse.
the guy who knows knows is to try and
Suddenly I'm not going to mess with my
weight does not give more
what is it
the bristles on the same jig low
rating
and until that is the father who walked with
light watch plus a golden maneuver to
crash showbol much synchrony without the
hands to the crowd is
today the body
I want to be again that moves
warley with the funk tic maneuver plus one
the park's attractions Serjão
today
I 've been in favor or going on the bike ride
bike is looks this maneuver had
very cute
I'm a bike
now it had to be a little insecure
a little sound and dj ownership will put
the busload at will and forced the streak
tim is as follows if you liked the maneuver
liked the maneuver quite
only the following I think he can
do more with this base and how many
turns and manages to give to us there for
show the mouse until when there then
but if we will see if he can vote
If you wanna see everybody like to play
two three four
been safe since Monday and he deserves
applause galley
only that it does not comply and will do more
one of jorginho's clothes will now try
one more goes there he got four
laps already had its role in returning
an
this is it there
one of the gifts wolf loulé toledo pole
dance of the injured nor to that
hours later is the one for talking about
toledo who is born coleto is toledano and
Irish toledense anne had to speak
in Toledo the staff of the brewery
Colony send a hug to you
Thank you and Brazil wants vehicles too.
prosper you, that's good, I said now
next, the city looks beautiful
Wonderful modern lot to finish
at the tip
piglet has the feast of the people you once
fire on the roller
I see now had the following I'll call
people watch big insurance
Where I came to make that suspense to
people are going to enter the stage now
our great attraction is the great
attraction hand up
among the great excuse sorry afternoon is
that
on the brand's bicycle wheel but not
that was what we had agreed're
can range the guys can win
the law is here in the spirit
a great attraction point the speaker site
side of paulo
the skin is you hair is not that the
hair is talking nonsense added
the bike path and I'll do the following
I want to see what you can do with
My bike is very difficult with this bike.
cause of this morning
jo
I 'm going to make another challenge here
according to the DJ sound is the following I wanted
that you lie down here because our
neighborhood
I still do not know the guys look at you.
relates
This is a lie for Valentina goes there.
Are you there, killed a Palestinian?
died will make no need occurred
but one person and participated in this picture
had stopped at the cemetery is work of
government she had a map so my
made out
the size of her pen goes to the game is
a story
I want to see a good day up for a pass.
shame I love you, mother died he was everything
what the adilson durant dies free
it's okay with me
dunga 23
the goal
Hey, what a cool address for us to interfax
It's a point with a br br
hire the player who thinks he is
Going all over Brazil, you can talk to
We'll have the greatest affection there.
they than to thank once again the
We have already been here once and it is a
pleasure to be again lowered and
Thank you for coming